Prepare docs for AWS re:Invent release (#883)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/security-testing/iam-enforcement/index.md

---
title: "IAM Policy Enforcement"
linkTitle: "IAM Policy Enforcement"
weight: 1
description: Enforce IAM policies in LocalStack to test your policies
---

## Introduction

> IAM Policy Enforcement feature can be used to test your security policies and create a more realistic environment that more closely resembles real AWS. The environment configuration `ENFORCE_IAM=1` is required while starting LocalStack to enable this feature. In LocalStack, IAM enforcement is disabled, and all APIs can be accessed without authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAM Policy Enforcement feature can be used to test your security policies and create a more realistic environment that more closely resembles real AWS. The environment configuration `ENFORCE_IAM=1` is required while starting LocalStack to enable this feature. Per default, IAM enforcement is disabled, and all APIs can be accessed without authentication.
```
